c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\bin\Debug\TuringMachine.exe.config
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\bin\Debug\TuringMachine.exe
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\bin\Debug\TuringMachine.pdb
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\Resources\Style.baml
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine_Content.g.cs
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine.g.resources
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine.exe
c:\users\aren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine.pdb
C:\Users\Aren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\bin\Debug\TuringMachine.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Aren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\bin\Debug\TuringMachine.application
C:\Users\Aren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Aren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine.application
C:\Users\arhov\Downloads\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\bin\Debug\TuringMachine.exe.config
C:\Users\arhov\Downloads\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine.exe
C:\Users\arhov\Downloads\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine.pdb
C:\Users\arhov\Downloads\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\arhov\Downloads\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\Resources\Style.baml
C:\Users\arhov\Downloads\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\arhov\Downloads\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\arhov\Downloads\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\arhov\Downloads\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\arhov\Downloads\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\arhov\Downloads\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\arhov\Downloads\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\arhov\Downloads\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine.g.resources
C:\Users\arhov\Downloads\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\arhov\Downloads\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\TuringMachine\obj\Debug\TuringMachine.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
